We've learned a lot about
Python together already,
and we still have more to cover.
In this section,
we're going to explore how
a security analyst like
yourself puts Python
into practice.
As a security analyst,
you will likely work with
security logs that capture
information on various
system activities.
These logs are often very
large and hard to
quickly interpret.
But Python can easily automate
these tasks and make things
much more efficient.
So first, we'll focus
on opening and reading
files in Python.
This includes log files.
We'll then explore
parsing files.
This means you'll be able to
work with files in ways that
provide you with the
security-related
information that
you're targeting.
Finally, part of writing
code is debugging code.
It's important to be
able to interpret
error messages to
make your code work.
We'll cover common types of
Python errors and
ways to resolve them.
Overall, after completing
this section,
you'll have a better
understanding of Python and
how as a security
analyst you can use it.
I can't wait to join you.